
# Gaming Forum Hub

My current idea is a gaming forum hub that allow multiple communities from different video games to get together. I am still thinking if I should just focus on one game series and have it subdivided by each entry on the series or just hold multiple communities with different managers with completely different topics with some general fields in order to allow people to expand their libraries and find new stuff that they like. There can also be a top of the most viewed posts today from all communities in order for users to see what's trending. Changes can be made to each community by their administrators and they can be moderated by people chosen by people with administrative privileges. Users can navigate through (maybe I'll think of an enrolling process further down the road and if that is the case some communities can be public and some can be more restrictive with their criteria of accepting new users). Posts can contain images (multiple types), text (considering formatting such as bold, italic, coloring etc.), (videos? - storage might be an issue). User profiles should be accessible and should list the user information and posts/comments they've added with links to the respective contribution (to tackle with private communities if that goes through). Another possible feature could be a live chat that could either be community dependent or could be on the whole forum. There might be some features that I might have omitted right now but will add them if I can manage this, I would like a review first to see if the idea is feasable and not overly complicated either. I haven't structured the database yet, but I have a strong feeling that there will be enough tables 😅. 